# Luciferase-pipeline

A pipeline made using ImageJ and Python to analyze images created using the luciferase enzyme inserted into plants.
The goal is to have one program that can be run with minimal user input.
At present, I have an ImageJ plugin I wrote in Python.
This plugin takes a folder of images, a set of ROIs created in the ImageJ RoiManager, and a folder to place output in.
It outputs a .csv file in the folder for output that contains the mean and median gray value for each plant in the image
at each stack position.
I think I can write a program that takes this .csv file and produces a figure from it.

The scripts in the repository have the following dependencies:
* tkinter
* pandas
* numpy
* matplotlib
* os.path

Of these, pandas, numpy, and matplotlib are not in the standard library. You should be able to install them through pip.
I have created scripts to install these libraries, but use the install scripts at your own risk, I have not tested them.

## How to use
Run the run_me.py program.
Answer the prompt about whether you want the median or average values.
Wait for the ImageJ program to launch, then answer any relevant prompts originating from ImageJ.
Wait until all ImageJ operations finish.
Answer the "select .csv with data" prompt.
Wait for the program to finish.

## How to set up
Install ImageJ.
Download the repository.
Create an RoiSet.zip file for your dataset.
Go into the Tomas_Pipeline.py plugin and change the 25 to the number of images in you data set.
Run old.config.py to set up all of the folders, preventing the need to do so when first running the actual pipeline.

## License
I have not decided yet. I will update this page when I do.

## Documentation
To Do : Write complete documentation

## Overview
The run_me.py file is the main entry point.
imagej.py provides a way to interact with ImageJ from Python.
align_temporal.py provides functions for lining up plants with time.
make_figure.py provides a way of creating a plot of plant averages over time (using matplotlib) or plant medians over time (using matplotlib).
dependencies.cmd can be used to install dependencies on windows, not tested.
dependencies.sh can be used to install dependencies on linux, not tested.
old.config.py provides a way of locating particular items in the file system.
old.folder.py provides a way of interacting with folders. It is no longer used.
old.processing.py provides a way of processing images in ImageJ. It is no longer used.
old.register.py provides a way of registering images in ImageJ. It is no longer used, but it has information helpful to read when I need to remember how to invoke SIFT in ImageJ.
old.config.json is a file generated by old.config.py. You should delete it before using the pipeline for the first time.
